Add tags based on the comparison between pipelines (#52)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/key-concepts/smart-tags.md

* `correct_top_3`: The top 1 prediction is not the right one, but the right one is in the top 3.
* `correct_low_conf`: The top 1 prediction was the right one, but its confidence is below the
  threshold, and thus the rejection class was predicted.

## Pipeline Comparison

Smart tags that are computed based on the difference between pipelines predictions.

> * `all_models_wrong`: When all pipelines give the wrong prediction.
> * `one_model_disagrees`: When at least one of the models disagrees with the others.

Author: ```suggestion
* `incorrect_for_all_pipelines`: When all pipelines give the wrong prediction.
* `pipeline_disagreement`: When at least one of the models disagrees with the others.
```
